= dbt

The dbt plugin is designed to simplify the creation, migration and deletion of databases.
Each database contains a number of _schemas_ that are loaded and migrated in a
specific order. Each _schema_ is stored in a directory with the same name as the _schema_
key used when defining the database.

== Database Creation

When a _schema_ is loaded the plugin will attempt to load a file named <tt>schema.sql</tt>
or <tt>schema.rb</tt>. The SQL file will be directly executed while the ruby file will be
executed locally. Both are expected to be create the tables used by the schema. The ruby
code is most most typically using ActiveRecord's schema language. 

The plugin will then attempt to load SQL scripts from a number of sub-directories of the
_schema_ dir. The SQL scripts in each directory are sorted alpha-numerically before being
executed. The order in which directories are processed is:

* types
* views
* functions
* stored-procedures
* triggers
* misc

After loading the SQL scripts the plugin will attempt to load fixture data from the 'fixtures'
sub-directory of the _schema_ dir. The fixture data must be in a YAML formated file that matches
the table named with .yml appended. The order that the fixture data is loaded in is fixed and
described in the "Table Ordering" section below.  

=== Database definition

TODO

== Filters

TODO

== Table Ordering

TODO

== Database Importing

TODO

== database.yml format
=== default_schema

TODO

== Datasets

TODO

== Credit

The plugin was initially developed by StockSoftware for use in the Department
of Sustainability and Environment, Victoria, Australia.
